Hello and welcome back to the course of our program in this section we're talking about preparation
.
So why is this session so large you probably have noticed that it's very big and it's got a lot of tutorials
Why are we focusing on our operations so much.
Well the reason for that is if you've been in the fuel analytics or does science for quite a while now
you probably know that information is by far the most tedious and time consuming task of all.
And that is why this section is so large.
Because Wolfers proportional to how much time we spend on the operational and actual projects which
for my experience is about 70 percent of the time spent on projects I spend on our operation.
And at the same time this issue is life because we want to learn those advanced techniques to understand
how to best prepare our daughter how to be most efficient of going out to learn how to do it quicker
and learn how to streamline the process of down preparation so we spend less time there and we will
make less errors we have less room for error because we know what we are doing.
And also we want to investigate the potential threats that we're faced with when we prepared TARP and
in this session we're going to be talking a lot about locating missing data how to find it and find
not missing data on how to replace missing out what to do about it.
We also have a few methods of placing missing daughter.
One of the more advanced ones will be the main method and the immediate imputation method.
Are very powerful techniques that are used in our programming for different types of analytics.
So those are very important methods to know.
Also refresh factors.
And one of my favorite tutorials in this section is the factor bearable trap.
This is a total of about eight people that exist in our lives because the way our language structure
.
And if you don't nobody that first time you start with with factors in trying to convert different data
types you are very likely to fool people so it's always better to know it in advance.
And personally I fall into that trap lots of times and I know how it feels and how long it takes to
figure out where the air is.
So that's why I decided that destiny has to be included in this section.
So when you watch it and after that you will know how to deal with Factor variables when you're performing
those conversion.
That's what we're talking about.
So very exciting session ahead.
Lots of different tips hack's knowledge is going to be thrown at you so be prepared for the cold and
learn a lot of new stuff.
And of course lots of fun and I'll see you in the first tutorial.
Until then happy coding.